---
title: 'My first post'
date: 2025-02-19
permalink: /posts/2025/02/blog-post-1/
tags:
  - Miscellaneous
---

This is my first post. There are some people who using this academicpages template choose to remove the “Blog Posts” navigation. It is obviously can be understand that they may not like to show their mindset to public. However, I choose the other side: I may write something there, to show you who I am.

Now, if you read the paragraph above and feel a little weird, I actually have the same feeling. My score in IELTS exam might can only reach 6 at this time. But I’m trying to improve myself.

Assume that 10 or 20 years have passed. I might have achieved some accomplishments in the future, and when I look back at what I wrote today, will it have become my 'black history'? If so, that would also be a funny story.

> below is my original sentence. Its gramma is really terrible and chaos so I even don’t want to look at it again… I use AI to correct it in case of breaking your good emotion.
>
> Assume that 10, 20 years has passed. I might got some achivment in the future *( Terrible gramma… )* , and when I look back what I write today, would it become my “black histroy”? If so, that also a funny story.



After all, hope this post can let you know about who I am, especially about my character.



P.S. My first paper has been accepted a few days ago. It might not proper to celebrate it at my wechat moment, but there had no other place that I can share my excitement. But now, I have my blog! Haha!